README.md, before:

MaKey MaKey
===========

[![MaKey MaKey](https://dlnmh9ip6v2uc.cloudfront.net/images/products/1/1/5/1/1/11511-01b_medium.jpg)  
*MaKey MaKey - Standard Kit (WIG-11511)*](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11511)

Using the MaKey MaKey you can *make* anything into a *key* (get it?) just by connecting a few alligator clips. The MaKey MaKey is an invention kit that tricks your computer into thinking that almost anything is a keyboard. This allows you to hook up all kinds of fun things as an input.

The MaKey MaKey uses high resistance switching to detect when you've made a connection even through materials that aren't very conductive (like leaves, pasta or people). This technique attracts noise on the input, so a moving window averager is used to lowpass the noise. The on-board ATMega32u4 communicates with your computer using the Human Interface Device (HID) protocol which means that it can act like a keyboard or mouse.

Repository Contents
-------------------
* **/Firmware** - Example firmware files
* **/Hardware** - All Eagle design files (.brd, .sch)
* **/Production** - Test bed files and production panel files

Product Versions
----------------

**[WIG-11511](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11511) - Standard kit, OEM packaging**  
The standard kit includes the MaKey MaKey HID board, alligator clips, jumper wires, and a Mini-USB cable in OEM packaging.

**[WIG-11519](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11519) - Deluxe kit, OEM packaging**  
The deluxe kit includes everything found in the standard kit along with an additional pack of alligator clips and a roll of copper wire (all in OEM packaging).

**[RTL-11437](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11437) - Standard kit, retail packaging**  
This kit contains everything found in the standard kit and comes in retail-ready plastic packaging.

License Information
-------------------

The hardware is released under [Creative Commons Share-alike 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).  
All other code is open source hardware so please feel free to do anything you want with it; 
you buy me a beer if you use this and we meet someday ([Beerware license](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware)).

Commit message:

Updating README with collaboration information

README.md, after:

MaKey MaKey
===========

[![MaKey MaKey](https://dlnmh9ip6v2uc.cloudfront.net/images/products/1/1/5/1/1/11511-01b_medium.jpg)  
*MaKey MaKey - Standard Kit (WIG-11511)*](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11511)

Using the MaKey MaKey you can *make* anything into a *key* (get it?) just by connecting a few alligator clips. The MaKey MaKey is an invention kit that tricks your computer into thinking that almost anything is a keyboard. This allows you to hook up all kinds of fun things as an input.

The MaKey MaKey uses high resistance switching to detect when you've made a connection even through materials that aren't very conductive (like leaves, pasta or people). This technique attracts noise on the input, so a moving window averager is used to lowpass the noise. The on-board ATMega32u4 communicates with your computer using the Human Interface Device (HID) protocol which means that it can act like a keyboard or mouse.

Repository Contents
-------------------
* **/Firmware** - Example firmware files
* **/Hardware** - All Eagle design files (.brd, .sch)
* **/Production** - Test bed files and production panel files

Product Versions
----------------

**[WIG-11511](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11511) - Standard kit, OEM packaging**  
The standard kit includes the MaKey MaKey HID board, alligator clips, jumper wires, and a Mini-USB cable in OEM packaging.

**[WIG-11519](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11519) - Deluxe kit, OEM packaging**  
The deluxe kit includes everything found in the standard kit along with an additional pack of alligator clips and a roll of copper wire (all in OEM packaging).

**[RTL-11437](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/11437) - Standard kit, retail packaging**  
This kit contains everything found in the standard kit and comes in retail-ready plastic packaging.

License Information
-------------------
The hardware is released under [Creative Commons ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
The code is beerware; if you see me (or any other SparkFun employee) at the local, and you've found our code helpful, please buy us a round!

Distributed as-is; no warranty is given.

->The MaKey MaKey is a collaboration with JAy Silver and Eric Rosenbaum. You can find more information about them [here](http://www.makeymakey.com/).<-
